_stories/2026-01-14-the-spanking-adventures-of-greebo.md, before:

---
layout: story
title: "The Spanking Adventures of Greebo"
author: "Greebo Seuss"
date: 2026-01-14 19:09:14 -0500
story_id: "the-spanking-adventures-of-greebo"
chapter: 1
chapter_title: "Greebo and the Barista"
tags:
  - greebo
  - school
  - m/f
---


## Greebo Time

"It's Greebo time," said Greebo, walking down the sidewalk.  He sauntered into a cafe.

"Wow!  Nice barista!" Greebo said towards the barista.  The barista blushed.  Greebo walked towards her, shuffling his feet.

"I'll have a Greebo latte, hold the sugar, no ice, just coffee please!"

"Amazing order," said the barista, blushing once again.  She utilized her fancy Italian espresso machine to make the elite coffee order.

"Here you go!" she said, smiling, handing the latte to Greebo.  Greebo frowned.  The barista had added a single ice cube.  Greebo placed the latte back on the counter.

"What did I say would happen if you put ice in my coffee again?" Greebo asked the barista.  The barista gulped nervously.  She had added the ice cube on purpose, because she knew the consequences, but now she was still nervous.

"I... uh... would get my bottom spanked."

"That's right," said Greebo.  With a single, delicate leap, he cleared the counter, lifted up the barista's apron and skirt, and flipped her indelicately over her stool.

"It's Greebo time!"

## The Spanking

Greebo rained down slaps upon the upturned bottom of the barista.  Dang, her bottom was getting hot!  The barista twisted and turned, but she couldn't escape the just and necessary spanking that her bottom was being subjected to.

"Ouchie!" the barista yelped.

"You'll think twice before popping a cube in a Greebo latte in the future," lectured Greebo.

"Oh... I'll think twice for sure," the barista smugly replied.

"Are you enjoying this?" asked Greebo.

## Double Greebo

Greebo split into two.  Left Greebo spread open the barista's legs, smacking the insides of her thighs.  Right Greebo grabbed a coffee spoon from the counter and started spanking the barista's pink bottom rapidly.

"Not double Greebo!" shouted the barista.  "I didn't know I was gonna get a double Greebo spanking!"

"Ahahahahahahaha!" cried Greebo.

Commit message:

UX improvements: description field, card styling, back-to-top, about page
- Add description field to all story front matter with 1-sentence summaries
- Update stories/author/tag listing layouts to display description instead of auto-excerpt
- Add description input to submission form and front matter generation
- Improve story card styling with left accent border and hover lift effect
- Add floating back-to-top button on all pages
- Create About page with site info and add it to navigation
- Remove old test stories no longer needed

_stories/2026-01-14-the-spanking-adventures-of-greebo.md, after:

---
layout: story
title: "The Spanking Adventures of Greebo"
author: "Greebo Seuss"
date: 2026-01-14 19:09:14 -0500
story_id: "the-spanking-adventures-of-greebo"
chapter: 1
chapter_title: "Greebo and the Barista"
description: "Greebo saunters into a café and makes an impression on the barista — and her manager."
tags:
  - greebo
  - school
  - m/f
---


## Greebo Time

"It's Greebo time," said Greebo, walking down the sidewalk.  He sauntered into a cafe.

"Wow!  Nice barista!" Greebo said towards the barista.  The barista blushed.  Greebo walked towards her, shuffling his feet.

"I'll have a Greebo latte, hold the sugar, no ice, just coffee please!"

"Amazing order," said the barista, blushing once again.  She utilized her fancy Italian espresso machine to make the elite coffee order.

"Here you go!" she said, smiling, handing the latte to Greebo.  Greebo frowned.  The barista had added a single ice cube.  Greebo placed the latte back on the counter.

"What did I say would happen if you put ice in my coffee again?" Greebo asked the barista.  The barista gulped nervously.  She had added the ice cube on purpose, because she knew the consequences, but now she was still nervous.

"I... uh... would get my bottom spanked."

"That's right," said Greebo.  With a single, delicate leap, he cleared the counter, lifted up the barista's apron and skirt, and flipped her indelicately over her stool.

"It's Greebo time!"

## The Spanking

Greebo rained down slaps upon the upturned bottom of the barista.  Dang, her bottom was getting hot!  The barista twisted and turned, but she couldn't escape the just and necessary spanking that her bottom was being subjected to.

"Ouchie!" the barista yelped.

"You'll think twice before popping a cube in a Greebo latte in the future," lectured Greebo.

"Oh... I'll think twice for sure," the barista smugly replied.

"Are you enjoying this?" asked Greebo.

## Double Greebo

Greebo split into two.  Left Greebo spread open the barista's legs, smacking the insides of her thighs.  Right Greebo grabbed a coffee spoon from the counter and started spanking the barista's pink bottom rapidly.

"Not double Greebo!" shouted the barista.  "I didn't know I was gonna get a double Greebo spanking!"

"Ahahahahahahaha!" cried Greebo.
